innerHTML:-Call the html element by its Id and change its value or data.
innerText:-it changes only simple text
document.write:-when called after the end of document it can clear the whole page and rewrites the given content.
window.alert:-popup the output
console.log():-for debugging purpose 
window.print():-The only exception is that you can call the window.print() method in the browser to print the content of the current window.

Literal-Fixed Values
Variables:Variable Values

Hyphens are not allowed in JavaScript. They are reserved for subtractions.

Variables:-
let:-cannot create two variable with same name,not changes outside value after reinitialization
var:-not working even for block level code ,changes outside value also(outside block)
const:-Reinitialization is not possible

Datatypes
String	A text of characters enclosed in quotes
Number	A number representing a mathematical value
Bigint	A number representing a large integer
Boolean	A data type representing true or false
Object	A collection of key-value pairs of data
Undefined	A primitive variable with no assigned value
Null	A primitive value representing object absence
Symbol	A unique and primitive identifier

==->value,===-> value and type
!=->value , !==->value and type

Closures:
Module Design Pattern
Currying
Functions like once 
memoize 
maintaining state in async 
setTimeouts
Iterators


function x(){
    var a=8;
    function b(){
        console.log(a);

    }
    a=100;
    return b;
}
var z=x();
// console.log(z);
z();

Object Protection

Object.preventExtension:-
object.seal:-
object.freeze:-


Feature	    Prevent Extensions	Seal	Freeze
Add New Properties	❌ No	❌ No	❌ No
Delete Properties	✅ Yes	❌ No	❌ No
Change Values	✅ Yes	✅ Yes	❌ No
Change Attributes (e.g. enumerable)	✅ Yes	❌ No	❌ No


This keyword


1.   Method Invocation (The Object to the Left)
When a function is called as a property of an object, this refers to that object.
2.  Simple Function Invocation (The Window/Global)
If a function is called "standalone," this defaults to the Global Object (window in browsers). If you are in Strict Mode, it will be undefined.
3.   Constructor Invocation (new keyword)
When you use new, JavaScript creates a brand-new empty object, and this points to that new object.


.4.  The Arrow Function Exception 🏹
Arrow functions do not have their own this. They inherit this from the code surrounding them (lexical scoping)


3. this in the Global Context
If you use this outside of any function (at the top level of your script), it refers to the global object.

4. this in Classes
Inside a class constructor or a class method, this refers to the specific instance created by that class.



First Class Function
--The ability to use function as values  and pass a function as an argument and return a function are called first class function
Statement:- normal function
expression:-storing anonymous function to a var



Promise
Method	Purpose
resolve(value)	Marks the task as finished successfully.
reject(error)	Marks the task as failed.
.then()	Handles the success result.
.catch()	Handles errors or rejections.
.finally()	Executes logic regardless of the outcome.
Promise.all()	Runs multiple promises in parallel and waits for all to finish.




Async Timeouts:
--when function passed as an argument it does not require()


JS JSON:-
--all keys,value should be inside ""
JSON parse()-strng to object,JSON stringify():-object to string
JSON.stringify actually takes three arguments: (value, replacer, space).
console.log(JSON.stringify(user, null, 2));



